README.md, before:

# Fanorona AEC Environment

[![PyPI v1.0.0](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/fanorona-aec)](https://pypi.org/project/fanorona-aec/1.0.0/)
[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/apm/l/atomic-design-ui.svg?)](https://github.com/tterb/atomic-design-ui/blob/master/LICENSEs)
[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)

This is an implementation of the Fanorona board game as a [PettingZoo](https://github.com/PettingZoo-Team/PettingZoo) [AEC](https://arxiv.org/abs/2009.13051) game.
The rules have been sourced from [here](https://www.mindsports.nl/index.php/the-pit/528-fanorona).
An additional rule where games exceeding 44 moves end in a draw has been implemented, since the
original rules do not have explicit draw conditions.

## Installation

### Using pip (recommended)

```bash
pip install fanorona-aec
```

### Local

```bash
git clone https://github.com/AbhijeetKrishnan/fanorona-aec.git
cd fanorona-aec
pip install -e .
```

## Usage

### Setting up a basic environment

In a Python shell, run the following:

```python
import pettingzoo
import fanorona_aec
env = fanorona_v0.env()
```

## Testing

We use [pytest](http://doc.pytest.org/) for tests. You can run them via:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/AbhijeetKrishnan/fanorona-aec.git
cd fanorona-aec
pytest
```

Commit message:

Update to account for new PettingZoo API

README.md, after:

# Fanorona AEC Environment

[![PyPI v2.0.0](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/fanorona-aec)](https://pypi.org/project/fanorona-aec/2.0.0/)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)

![Fanorona board](/assets/1920px-Fanorona-1.svg.png)

This is an implementation of the Fanorona board game as a [PettingZoo](https://github.com/PettingZoo-Team/PettingZoo) [AEC](https://arxiv.org/abs/2009.13051) game.
The rules have been sourced from [here](https://www.mindsports.nl/index.php/the-pit/528-fanorona).
An additional rule where games exceeding $44$ moves end in a draw has been implemented, since the
original rules do not have explicit draw conditions.

## Installation

### Using pip (recommended)

```bash
pip install fanorona-aec
```

### Local

```bash
git clone https://github.com/AbhijeetKrishnan/fanorona-aec.git
cd fanorona-aec
pip install -e .
```

## Usage

### Setting up a basic environment

In a Python shell, run the following:

```python
import fanorona_aec
env = fanorona_v1.env()
```

See [`demo.py`](./demo.py) for a script that implements a simple random policy to interact with the environment.

## Testing

We use [pytest](http://doc.pytest.org/) for tests. You can run them via:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/AbhijeetKrishnan/fanorona-aec.git
cd fanorona-aec
pytest
```
